docs(angular): bump v9 playground to Angular 21 and document Angular 22 migration (#4549)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/updating/9-0.md

#### Zoneless Change Detection

> Ionic 9 supports zoneless change detection. Angular 21 and 22 make zoneless the default, so a new Ionic 9 app on Angular 21 or later runs without Zone.js out of the box and no change-detection provider is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ionic 9 supports zoneless change detection. Angular 21 made zoneless the default, so a new Ionic 9 app on Angular 21 or later runs without Zone.js out of the box and no change-detection provider is required.
```

Author: [ba1a032](https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/4549/commits/ba1a032f65119c94edf5ab36e302961c0f97b439)
